# Dev Reflection

Ann was very detailed in her prd document and provided images of what she envisioned the website to look like. I understood from her explanation in class that she wanted a website that is able to solve artist block, something that a lot of artist face at one point in life. I already had an idea of how to create what she wanted and the wireframes she provided made it even more clear. 

The only issue I had was during development, where I had to implement the three APIs that she provided. I did not know how to do that and even asking both Chatgpt and Copilot, it was still not working and it left me even more confused. The only thing that I could do for the palette and prompt was to use the fallback list as the default. Eventually, the artist will get the same colours or prompt again but the APIs for those two were just not working. There was no issue in collaboration as Ann was clear on what she wanted and answered all of my questions throughout the project. 

I used AI for the implementation of the APIs into the web pages since I did not know how to do that and also for suggestions on styles. I primarily used Copilot for this project and used Chatgpt for additional help on the API issue. I learned that while both AI are very efficient, it is not always correct and it does not really understand how to fix the API if it is not working. I think it requires the developer to understand a bit more on the issue and then describe it to the AI, then it will do its job well. Even then, there are some things that AI cannot do, such as the Unsplash access key being confidential in the code. In order to have the images to work, the key must be part of the code, but that violates the agreement with Unsplash. Hence, while AI has its benefits, there are always some limitations that it cannot solve. To simplify the colours, I asked AI to provide me with the colours that Ann put in her prd document and wireframes. I also asked it for help for the underline that appears during hover in navigation bar, twinkle effect for stars, and rocket ship moving animation from bottom left to top right. Overall, I think it is best to use AI after you create the base first and then ask it for improvments, since that is what worked best for me.